# Aratt-Cityscapes-Reviews-One-of-the-Best-Real-Estate-Project
There were times when I used to dream of owning a house one day. I came to Bangalore to complete my graduation from a reputed It institute and fell in love with the city immediately.  One weekend, our senior invited all the team to his new house for a house warming ceremony and that was the first time I actually decided to have my own house in the same city.  It was around 3 years ago. During COVID-19 lockdown, as we all were working from home, I went to my parents house in Pune and This year when I returned to Bangalore, I returned with a goal to buy my first house here.  I was ready with all the requirements. I was looking for a 2BHK apartment near the city. I was in search of an under construction project which is well connected to the main city (making it easier for me to commute daily), spacious, equipped with all the necessary amenities within the premises and surrounded by essential infrastructure such as hospitals, pharmacies, market, bus stand and more. I was planning to bring my parents to stay here with me so that I did not have to stay away from them. I talked about my desire to buy a house to my colleagues too. They were also excited to look for a residential project for me. One of them told me about Aratt Builders. She told me to go through all the data available on the internet about this project before visiting it, including Aratt Cityscapes Villa Review.  I loved their ARATT Cityscape project. It is a gated community project located off Budigere Road, near Old Madras Road/NH4. The spacious project has 363 units.  One Aratt Cityscapes Review available on the internet also talked about the quality of the raw material used in the construction of the project.  After going through many such Aratt Cityscapes Reviews, I decided to book a site visit. Next weekend they sent a pick up car to get to their project.  Right from the neighborhood to the project entrance to the project amenities, everything was purely astonishing. I even liked the way they have left plenty of space in front of each unit and balconies so that the residents can implement every interior and landscape decoration idea they have in mind.  After visiting the project, I contacted them again in 2 weeks to go ahead in the finance and other documentation process. Meanwhile I also arranged another site visit for my parents. They were so proud of me.  Aratt Cityscapes Bangalore Review was truly resembling reality. The developers helped to find the right home loan partner. We successfully completed all the procedures within a few days. I am waiting for the possession now, which is due in August, right before the Ganesh Festival.  I have already started looking for an interior decorator for my home. The team from Aratt Builders is in touch with me and updating me on the current status of the project. This has been an amazing experience for me. I have no Aratt Builders Complaints. Refer: https://www.addressofchoice.com/aratt-cityscape-budigere-road-bangalore-p65776 
